### Hardware problems

## Hardware
First step, I need a cheap computer which can run kubernetes. It typically needs a modest ammount of memory and we're doing ML and prometheus here so I'm anticipaing high memory usage. Let's not forget this is learning tool, we're not creating a multi clustered environment here - don't get carried away Tim!
[My first purchase](https://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/115966764202). Offered £75 which was accepted concerning quickly (think I could have paid less)...

## Keyboard
I was anticipaing this; I've not got a keyboard at home. 100% of my work is done on a laptop now. I'll try and do an automated boot; all I need is ssh setup and a password. There's guides on how to [make cloud-init installs](https://canonical-subiquity.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/howto/autoinstall-quickstart.html).

## Video
OK - this is a bigger problem. Firstly this thing only has DP ports, no HDMI. I'll need to get a DP to HDMI converter £5.
Once the adapter arrived I eagerly connected it to my samsung TV and it displayed absolutely nothing... It shouldn't matter because the install is automatic... right?!...

## Install failed
I took this computer to my neighbors house and watched it fail endlessly to boot into ubuntu, instead choosing windows consistently despite my bios changes (I suspect a UEFI thing). Back to square one, lets keep the original boot image and use that. [Ubuntu 24.04.3 LTS](https://ubuntu.com/download/server)

Server boots and I've done the most basic install I can; I've set a password, enabled SSH and switched on the wifi to install necessary packages.